Not null data in delivery address (#2494)
shopsys/shopsys: UPGRADE-15.0.md

    -   see #project-base-diff to update your project
-   fix display advert in categories ([#3040](https://github.com/shopsys/shopsys/pull/3040))
    -   see #project-base-diff to update your project

> -   Fixed javascript validation company data in customer and first name, last name, street, city, postcode, and country can not be nullable in delivery address ([#2494](https://github.com/shopsys/shopsys/pull/2494))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### make delivery address fields not nullable ([#2494](https://github.com/shopsys/shopsys/pull/2494))

-   class `Shopsys\FrameworkBundle\Form\Admin\Customer\DeliveryAddressFormType` was removed
-   check migration `Version20220725104726` if suits your needs
-   following fields in `Shopsys\FrameworkBundle\Model\Customer\DeliveryAddress` are no longer nullable:
    -   `$firstName`
    -   `$lastName`
    -   `$street`
    -   `$city`
    -   `$postcode`
    -   `$country`
-   see #project-base-diff to update your project
```

Author: fixed https://github.com/shopsys/shopsys/pull/2494/commits/ec3152d85903cc10b899c1672b8754afc2ba1de7
